hi last night we talked about how to eat
to lose weight and the first step that I
talked about was setting an attainable
goal for yourself I'm going to go over
real briefly just the basis of what an
attainable goal is attainable goal is
something that you can easily achieve
and we were to get to your next step in
your plan now the second thing I want to
talk about it's more of a food oriented
topic and I'm going to talk about slow
and fast cars and a slow digesting car
example of that would be a whole grain
pasta oatmeal whole grain bread Ezekiel
bread which is a sprouted wheat whole
grain bread and that can convert glucose
into energy and that's a good thing to
eat pretty much throughout the day and
pretty much and or before and after a
workout I want to talk about fast cars
also a fast digesting car which would be
anything that would give you an insulin
spike such a somethings that contain
fast-digesting carbs can be found in
like processed foods sweetened foods
like like doughnut or white flour pastas
white flour breads like a bagel for
instance and uh these carbs are actually
good for you to take in after work out
if you're trying to put mass on but if
you're trying to stay lean generally be
a leaning towards the slow carb portion
of the car spectrum I've compiled a list
here that I have foods that are good for
you that I will put up on the
information section on the facebook page
and I will also make it available
information section on the YouTube page
if you want or i can just email it
directly to you i'm just going to go
over it briefly i'm going to list i'm
just going to give a few things on the
list good cars would be a brown rice any
type of wheat bread a shredded wheat an
oat cake or a wheat pasta and that's
just off the the starch part of the list
you can get good good carbs also from
vegetables like an artichoke a green
bean of broccoli like tomato squash
pretty much are all vegetables are okay
and there's fruits that contain slow
cars as well but you got to be careful
some of these fruits because they can
also raise blood sugar levels pretty
quickly something that would be fairly
good too then you can generally eat all
day except before bed would be a banana
or a blueberry of some sort blueberries
are really good without me on the
morning it's a it's a good of breakfast
food a lemon I don't know any want to
just eat directly let it go but you
could I just wanted to go over real
quickly other things that are
potentially good for you when i'm a diet
such as this a protein shake which i
went over the other night about the whey
protein whey protein is good for you a
casein protein shake is good for you a
soy protein shake except for your from
mail because soy raises estrogen levels
in your body agent blended protein shake
a protein blend with like your egg
albumen whey protein casein protein you
know just the mix of proteins is a
fairly good for you if you're watching
your carbs or you don't care and i want
to talk about lean meats with
changing your diet around in order to
lose the weight that you want to lose I
went over curbs briefly and I'll get
into that in another video more in-depth
I just wanted to kind of run through
that with you so you understand the
difference between a fastener slow carb
leaner meat alternatives would be using
turkey as opposed to beef or any other
type of red meat such as lamb or veal
turkeys very very lean meat I don't
think you can really find it under 93%
lean it tastes great if you eat tacos or
hamburgers if you have a turkey burger
as opposed to a hammer and it's a much
leaner alternative to beef and that is
all for tonight and this is how you eat
to lose weight 1b thank you